welcome to the north of Quito
this action is aimed at if the student understands the relationship that
exists between the atomic structures of the elements and their position
on the street to ask
as well as the meeting shivering the storm
the periodic table that result of the work of several hundred
who tried to classify traces in a useful way
like the boy with fognini tinayre
and the German
I did not see her
15 thousand 862
They classified 76 known elements at that time
they highlighted
than the only ones of the physical and chemical properties of ee
occurs periodically if you are to place huge and growing suspense
actor
merge
deco that did not occupy for items that had not yet been
discovered
but he predicted his property
called these elements eca in a child who almost full
that would be placed under the hoop
and decision in their respective groups
today it is known as karim benzema
when those elements were discovered
it was found that their properties coincided with the hurries with itínere
so the value of the periodic table there is lived
but nevertheless
classify the elements in increasing order of their atomic weights
had some irregularities
like the one that occurs when placing the bow instead of potash
in the opinion of santo domingo - ap
when arriving
which would represent a year
since the properties of both elements are very different
if on this occasion very active metal
and the bow a similar case
these drawbacks were overcome
when in 1913
the English physicist want to live
assign a whole number to each element
called marathon
what is the same
to the number of protons that someone in a shot in equal amount of electrons that
they are in the act mónica gangemi
a unique contract
determines the structure of atoms
and the civic behavior of the viewers
the modern penal law establishes that the properties of the elements
they are periodic crucials of their atomic numbers
the periodic table consists of seven horizontal rows
called periods
that correspond to each of the seven stages with energy levels of the
antonyms where the electrons are
that is, the number of the period where an element is found indicates the
maximum energy level
where he took it from this element has readers
for example the sodium whose electronic configuration airs
has an electron in the third energy level
Thus
is in period 3 of the periodic table
the elements with similar chemical properties are forming groups
with families
which are the vertical columns of the periodic table
to groups that assign them Roman numerals from one to eight
so that the elements with similar properties are placed some work of
others the groups that have divided into active groups
the elements of the groups
they are called representative elements and two of the groups b elements of
transition
the group number where an item is found match the number of
electrons that took it from this element have at the maximum energy level
so in the case of sodium
who have electoral in the third level of energy
is located in group 1ra
the chlorine
has the electronic configuration
As you can see it has 17 electrone distributed in three energy levels
Thus
is in period 3
there are seven electrons that are at the highest level and
this reason is located in group 7 a